hi welcome to our hamster today I'll be
setting the next play edge 13-inch Wi-Fi
cloud frame this that's my first time
blowing up so I'm sure cordis process
for someone plug-in is the AC adapter
and the device should be powering up so
soon okay
it's powering up right now and I use
pulls out remote control here help me
with a set up first boot low process is
taking a while or if it's always going
to be taking this one to boot first
thing is pick my Wi-Fi or network so
choose my wireless network and enter my
wireless password I'm just going to hit
connect
so once the down finish is shut down by
itself where we started by itself
all right so let's go next
you'll see let's try to no no they were
okay so now I can log into my next play
edge the next step is to open a browser
on my computer and then go to next play
website here I'll need to activate my
frame on upper right hand corner it says
connect and fill my information here the
next step okay so I'm going to step in
out the word appeared on my cloud frame
all right now paired so in the login yes
read the Terms of Service I agree
confirm okay so to rest your 105 frames
now back on the cloud frame browse to
the settings for a second you see take a
look at the settings they have available
to frame settings time zone I'm going to
change the time zone for stack and the
software update so it automatically
checks for update regularly there's a
2gig free storage and display settings
ok yes I guess set the brightness lower
brightness or increase the brightness
the default is in the middle but for
some reason one twice boot up is created
on high my someone set it to the highest
right now and then just hit back so
completely yet so I'm going back to
computer and see we need to add a
playlist here well known for screen
album add some photos add a new photo my
pictures
alright so add some photos and for the
photos a lot of them there I need to
rotate them so I can do it in the web
app okay so now let me see
create new playlist let's call it family
and select all the photos I'm just drop
it to my family playlist and save and
send a frame
all right I see if I show up on a frame
we'll set to the start playlist
so I noticed that it just plays about
five seconds so whether or not it scans
to the top of the image it just moves on
to the next picture which I hope that I
can just in a setting or something it's
game
it's a displaying from the bottom of the
image to the top frames choose this
frame sync crossfade photo fit this is
try fit to screen at home start my
playlist again
okay so ace this one's better I think
for watching this at a video of the next
plate edge 30-inch Wi-Fi Clow frame if
you guys have any questions comments
suggestions feel free to contact me
thanks watch or hamster bye